Mom, you said Aotian's Olympic Epic Conference
Does this look good on me?
Good-looking is good-looking
It's just too eye-catching.
Don't steal your sister's thunder
She has a rich and powerful husband
And a champion son
I'm afraid I'll steal the show
Feet down
Let me tell you something.
It is said to be our city's Olympic oath ceremony
In fact, it is a celebration banquet for the provincial champion of Aotian
Can I tell you?
You must pay attention then
Aotian as a provincial champion
There are a lot of big names going to attend the banquet
We are the family of provincial champions
You mustn't lose face with him
know know
Besides, it was also your sister who signed a contract of 200 million
Key moments of the contract
We are his family
Never hold him back
You know what, mom?
Just have a hundred hearts
To me to speak
Look at how I assist my sister
To god
Mom, I'm Lin Jianguo.
What the hell are you calling me?
something to say
Don't waste my time.
Mom is like this
Wenwen participated in the Olympic trials some time ago
Shortlisted for the Olympic Candidate List
I just thought
Please have a meal with Wenwen's uncle
Celebrate